with voice sun brother plate
shut it back to sleep
then call
is
would do this idea
Anything that
do not go with you
could now be in space and the module
in tea and if I had woken up
Electing in the boat in cariri
God give me one of them now
the hotel thousand stars in shark
I want
disturbing Sunday morning
your base and only on Sunday morning
sunday of me
OK
it was bad if I abhor you
and go back to sleep
after you deny it here
and I know what I would do in that tone
anything that
do not go with you
and would cause
the speaker in space in a module in the
boring cheating and if I had now
sailing in the little boat place
God forbid me to be in the hotel now
saw stars in bunch
is
I am
kelman
Your voice is only on Sunday morning.
the mother
I 'm
in the morning
the jury radio globe barrichello
Angelica or congratulations again is the
our ballet ballet program raul gil
Thank Junior also junior and then the
man is always pretty singing a lot
Ruby is singing with you, you're not singing.
when the lion I already program is is is the
presence which is a huge pleasure to do
this tribute to you rubin you want
an example of a family knows
I was talking to my uncle that
You know your family a lot, he said that
your family is an example and I know one
I also tried to get to know and look
where I was born in rondônia but lives in
I was curious when the rain came a hug
to the current rondônia started with you and
so are you will always leave your mark
They use this in Brazil and we never
will forget what you have been doing for
this generation is that you make your mark
which will always remain and is a huge
Pleasure from the heart and thanks to the fight.
It can be a kiss for the sierra too.
Hey, everyone to watch God.
Bless each one
Goodbye league